Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much.
Okay,
let's go.
Good morning everyone. Today's Monday,
March the 9th, and this is the Money
Ball morning report charts by
TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by Menter Q.
We want to start with a look at the
daily chart so you can see what happened
if you listened to me on Market Kickoff
last night on Topstep TV, you'll know
that I was waiting for
something that showed
um
a break lower, a significant break lower
into the bottom of these formations.
And then a reflexive bounce up, and
wouldn't you know it, friends, that's
exactly what happened, almost to the
tick. Let's see the difference. Low,
6584.50,
low
6583.
So, they gave it a front run by about a
point and a half,
and they definitely shook the tree right
there. So, what we are looking at is the
recapture of the current zone
in the market. Now, the real question
is,
is this
the real buy area for the next rocket
ship to the north?
I don't know.
What I want to see is structure built
here, and that might take a day or two.
Now, if it ends up being some kind of
monstrosity
of a candlestick, we'll end up chasing
it, but then we will retrace because
it's had no chance to build structure.
So, where is our
line in the sand here. If we stay above
6670,
we might have ourselves a good shot at
taking a reflexive long that goes right
into
this candlestick edge, the close of
Friday. And that's 6742, and then we'll
walk our way back up.
And that's what we're staring down. So,
I like that. That's what we want to
focus on today. So, let's get to the
30-minute, and here's what we can see.
Here's the 6670. It's currently being
challenged.
Let's move it up
to the opening tick.
All right, what is that open?
668550.
For those of us that get annoyed by my
lack of
definiteness,
there we have it.
And then, the wicks up.
That's our first wick event, 6718, and
then the close at somewhere around 6742,
as it were. You know, a lot of traders
look at settlement, and I notice that
settlement works until it doesn't. And
what we have a tendency to do is blow
right through settlement. And so, we can
look at settlement.
That's the actual price that the index
closes at.
We can look at settlement, but we don't
want to
um
be so definitive that we say, "Oh, no,
it has to close here." Or it has to move
up. And we can see a lot of supply
sitting between
all the way down to
6739.
So, that's what we are looking at.
Normally, we take a look at the midnight
candle.
Looks like the a 10:00 a.m. bounce took
us, but that really is because it came
into the price.
The time what it would have been much
better if the time were us really locked
in at the place at the same time, so we
could say, "Hey, Asia really did this or
you know, Europe really did that." But,
it didn't.
We got the bounce right where we were
supposed to.
But, notice all night long
where have we been sitting?
Inside the 30-minute.
So, that's going to be the ruler of the
roost today, as it were. Okay? So, we
know we have more negative flows
underneath 6580, but chances are we are
going to hold
6612.
Chances are.
Okay? Rotation, what are we looking at?
A VWAP that is underneath price, so it's
being supported. And a moving average
that is also underneath price, momentum
is lifting up. Pullbacks
could easily be buy zones in this kind
of formation. Is this something where we
can steadily say, "Hey, absolutely, I'm
going to buy here."
Uh no.
Why?
What's trend?
What's overall trend?
Yeah, it's it's negative.
Right? Whether we draw a line that comes
into the 42 or we draw a line that comes
into
this random zone right around here, it
doesn't really matter. It's
whether you use these to connect or
these to connect,
it's all relative. Okay? It's whatever
whatever you're feeling,
frankly. So,
it's downward. What they want to do, the
buyers, they want to get back up over
this zone and all of this inventory that
occurred
at 8:30. That was some really ugly
number. Cannot remember what it is, but
it was the 9:30
Excuse me, the 8:30 candle that most of
the day sat in.
Right? Most of the day sat in that
candle. I'll pull it all the way down
into the actual 9:30 candle low
because that's the big frame of
reference. The move between 8:30 and
9:30.
You might say, "Amelie, it feels
arbitrary whether you're going 30
minutes, an hour, whether you're using
the midnight or the four."
No, it's not arbitrary. I'm looking at
the market generated information that
says after this event
what happened? So, it's an event-driven
decision. After this 30 minute, what
happened?
Well, it moved down, but then it moved
up, and all of the candlesticks of
reference are now sitting inside of that
zone.
Just for grins, what we're going to do
is make sure we have a line at the high
of our 4:00 a.m. candle.
And wouldn't you know it, it's sitting
right around a moving average.
They're going to try and bounce there at
the first pass.
You know, you could take it there. The
better bet is if old resistance
confirms as new support. And that would
be the current area of
the anchoring of the VWAP, which is at
6634. Please remember, yesterday
at 6630
or so, we had a trader put in a 1224
buy lot
all at one time.
My thought, either they're covering
meaning they had the short and they're
like, "Yeah, I think this is the
bottom." So, they bought the cover or
they were forced
to buy. I
That's a very big number to sit in a
pre-market session. Okay? So, that
number at 6630 is one we want to look
at. I took a long time in the ES, so
I'll zoom through the NQ, but before I
go, let's do the regular stuff. Value
area high
Value area low 6742.
And we know that number 6742.
If per happenstance
this
formation falls out of bed.
Where's the next test?
would be the next test just from the
measured move. Okay?
I don't think that happens, but it
could.
Let's go to the NQ.
Woah! Madness.
Let's get this nice clean slate.
Okay. First, let's check at the day.
What are we staring down?
Value area high
25,950
That's a big value area high. Value area
low
24,791
So, let's take a look at how deep this
fade was. My suspicion
was that it would come
somewhere around here.
It really broke down. It went to 24,000
or thereabouts.
Actually, it went to that wick.
And
it looks a little gappy, doesn't it?
Okay, this is before this contract
became active. So, this is the low
of the day the contract became active.
That's very interesting.
There's 24,000 23,976
24,000. That's the range we want to
watch. We do not want that to break.
I'll just put a line there.
My suspicion is that it holds. Okay?
We've got
all of this heavy congestion.
And let's put a line
near all of that heavy congestion up
there at 24,661.
That's just underneath
the value area low for
the daily candlesticks. Let's go into
the 30-minute. Of course, you'll notice
value area low and value area high are
going to be different if you're looking
at, you know, 10 days of candle pressure
versus
4 weeks, which is, you know, we actually
we're seeing something like 6 months if
we are looking at a daily candle
formation. But, looking at the
30-minute, the value area on the
30-minute is 25,217
on the high
and
24,000
on the low.
Fair bit of gap,
but we're going to do the same thing.
30-minute formation.
This looks like it did
almost the entire candle.
Yeah, almost. Came right to the base,
held the wicks, big fat round number. A
big fat round number will circumvent
your chart moving into the ordinary
space.
Right? It It will circumvent that. And
so, whereas it would normally come down
to the base of the measured move, this
big fat round number got in its way.
So, that's what we're staring down.
What's trend?
Well,
depends on where you look.
It's down if you're looking this way.
But, it's up, just like the ES,
if you're looking this way.
So, what does that tell you?
We're in a little bit of a crosscurrent.
Traders are looking for resistance.
It's calling this to the upside.
Naturally, of course,
we want to see the support floor, but
then the close of the day. So, this
inventory here, where it says there's a
ton of supply sitting, tells you,
you know, we're going to have to work on
that.
So, that might be a pretty good target
for
the early part of the day if we end up
getting some kind of monster move, which
we could.
Watch for it to come all the way back
up. Remember, seasonality is telling us
that this is the inflection zone between
today and tomorrow. It's going to give
us
deep fades that shake the trees and move
out or a general frame to the upside.
But, at some juncture, the dips here are
going to hold, so you want to be careful
about what you're thinking.
Let's go to the left
and realize that
the heavy congestion
Oh, this is the third Where What is
this?
No, let's look at the 9:30 candle.
9:30 candle close from March the 3rd
gives us the resistance edge
for our opening 30-minute candlestick
and really
what we had in the overnight. So,
where's our go no-go line?
You know, I think it's the 30-minute
low.
I do.
I I do believe it's the 30-minute low.
Not that we can't break and go through,
but if we break, go through, and then
hold the line at 24,200,
we should have upside pressure.
Let's go to Bitcoin.
Somebody took a Bitcoin long.
Pretty significant Bitcoin long here
because of the fact that they took a
measured move event off of the 128 to
zero. They did the half back. It's about
63,000
and and they bought the low.
And they're continuing to buy the low
and we can see that as they're building
a piece of structure that says,
"Hey,
here's my support floor.
I'm building this structure. So,
the cloning of this structure is going
to give us the upside pressure event.
And that's really what we need to stare
down. Notice it takes us right back to
value area low. That's 84,000.
If it gets back there,
it's probably going to sell off again,
but
if you're looking for a short-term
trade,
watch for this structure to build. Up
over 72 is that area and you can make a
tidy bit.
That being said,
it's still in a bit of a death spiral,
right? So, let's take a look at a
death spiral. Yes. Yes, death spiral.
So, let's take a look at the clean
charts for the week. Value area high,
74,300.
Value area low, 69,200.
So, that's going to be the first target
event.
That 70,000 zone up above the edge,
that's the first target and then the
second target would be about 71,000. A
lot of supply sitting here. What is
trend?
It's down.
What is momentum? It's up. So, what are
they trying to do?
Find resistance.
Very simply, find resistance. What is
the candle
in play today? Well, they filled the
gap.
Didn't they? Take a look at that.
There's the close, and they filled it to
the wick.
What's the likelihood?
Well, it depends. If that's all the
gusto they had,
going to be pretty bad. But, let's take
a look at the 30-minute candle.
Opening 30-minute candlestick,
interestingly,
the open was the high, and not until
11:00 p.m. Eastern time were they able
to get over the top. So,
what are we thinking?
Here's our
midnight candle. It's very narrow.
And our 4:00 a.m. candle, also very
narrow. And so,
the midnight candle and the 4:00 a.m.
candle share a region.
Here's our midnight to 4:00 a.m. They
share region at 67,765.
That's as good a zone as you might like.
If you want it, you could choose the 50%
mark
of
that opening range.
I'm either all or none. It's either
going to come back to the top of the 30
and bounce,
at which point
I might consider taking something.
But, I think I'd rather look down here
at the bottom of the formation, and then
watch it recover. That way, I've got a
very tight stop if it breaks down,
and I'm okay. So, that's what I'd be
looking at, 65,700
or so.
Let's take a look at oil.
>> Oil.
What a monstrosity of a move.
Let's go to the daily.
Oh my word.
Somebody called 120
as the top.
I cannot remember who.
But have a gander at that.
Wow.
Okay, let's see how they came to the 120
number. Let's see if we can find a
simple Fibonacci that takes us to that
zone.
Maybe we do
high
low.
Nope, that's not it.
Maybe they did something that I would
do.
And that is
draw the range.
That gives us about 19.
And I guess
if the traders are at 19 they're going
to gun
for 120.
But that's what I would do. I would look
at the relative range that gives me the
break.
And that seems to be where it's sitting.
In in general.
Maybe
I
actually have it
there.
Yeah.
It's hard to say.
It truly is.
It truly is hard to say.
But it's somewhere around here. I think
it's the measured move event. Certainly,
all all the way up into that zone. So,
very interesting. This is a very
emotional move. Watch that rocket ship
come back to Earth, folks.
Watch it. Listen, our administration is
not going to let
oil take us off a cliff in terms of CPI,
PPI, and the like, inflation numbers,
and that's that sort of thing. Let's
take a look at what's going on this
morning.
30-minute candlestick.
Master commander today, right?
Obviously, we had some news
somewhere around between 10:00 and
10:30. I don't know what the news was,
but
we did have some news. So, what are we
staring down?
Here's our
midnight candle close. That's 114.59.
Very likely to
put the brakes on any kind of additional
upside move.
This is my thought, anyway.
And then, the lower edge ought to fill
the gap. Now, I have to tell you, I have
traded oil a lot.
Sometimes very successfully, other times
very unsuccessfully. But what I have
noticed is that when this thing is en
fuego,
which is essentially where it is right
now,
you got to be very careful with your
stops
and paying attention. Now, volume's
dropped off a little bit. We're still
holding the 30-minute low, building new
inventory event here.
What's the trend? Well, it's upward
here,
but it's downward here. And so, what
we're staring down is
moving average down, VWAP down.
Momentum
carrying the floor.
So, that's That's it. We are staring
down the floors of
this event. And so,
>> [snorts]
>> I
I would like to see a deep dip.
A very deep dip would give us a brand
new buy. I don't think we're there yet.
What we should see is a bounce
back up into that 30-minute high,
maybe even the midnight high, and then
you know, a pullback that
pullback that is going to be
interesting. Right now, everybody's
battling at the 4:00 a.m.
candlestick open.
And that number is 102.84.
We could go in either direction here,
folks.
Trend tells us it's down
in the short run.
Trend also tells us that it's up in the
long run. And so, we could have very
wide wicks. Remember,
we are looking at explosive
motion.
A gap up and a tremendous blow-off top.
Calling it a blow-off top now because
the wick above is so far. If we close
the day on this kind of candle,
and tomorrow we break down here, this is
a classic exhaustion
candlestick formation.
It's got a horrible name. It's got It's
called an abandoned baby. And so,
um
that's what we'll be staring down.
Okay? So, close somewhere
in this region of 98 to 100.
That's my suspicion. I'm not touching
oil today. No, thank you.
Let's see if gold has rolled to the
Nope.
Still here on the twos.
>> [snorts]
>> All right. Gold
Gold has probably flummoxed a fair group
of individuals.
Why? They think Oh my goodness,
geopolitical risk.
Gold's got to come down.
I mean, excuse me, gold's got to go up.
And
I mean, it's still holding trend.
There's no doubt about it. But it
definitely has come off of its high
formations. Sitting in positive momentum
in general.
So, our deep dips are going to be buys.
Deep dips are going to be buys. Value
area high
4885. We're well above that. Value area
low 3905.
That's on a daily formation.
Intraday value areas are the following.
30-minute intraday value area high 5100
84.
You might say that's 5200.
Value area low for this 30-minute
intraday formation
5090.
Now, what are we doing? What's this?
Yes, it is inventory accumulation.
Inventory accumulation. So, what what's
what's happening?
What's what's going on?
I think they're still in this big
pocket.
They're still in this big pocket, but
let's see what happened in the
overnight. This looks very different to
the index
the ES or the NQ index.
But
maybe a lot more like
commodities in general. So, there's our
measured move.
It broke the ledge. Remember, we have a
tendency to see this in
metals.
It will break the low, chase the folks
in who have got
you know, the stop sell engaged for the
break of
whatever low, and then, you know,
they'll come back and hold.
So, I always go to the left and look for
a wick
to see
if I can find it. And that's the 5025.
There's a lot of supply building here at
5060.
If they move through that level
at 5060 and fail the zone, we want to
watch for them to lift above it. That
would be essentially the support line
for buyers, right? That's the go no-go
line.
This 30-minute formation is not really
resistance. It's
cresting into that edge.
The 30-minute low is Excuse me, the
30-minute close is all the way up here
at 5163.
The hourly candle formation
I mean, you could say that that's the
real edge. This is interesting. Let's um
Let's pull an audible here.
If per happenstance
we use the 30 minutes Excuse me, the
1-hour
high low
and clone that
comes awfully close
to the support ledge and the wick.
So, maybe it's this hour, this ledge
here. This is what I'm really staring
at.
This ledge
down here where everybody has been
battling for a while.
Gets up over 5113,
it could be
a long,
but trend, friends,
trend is lower. So, if it's a long,
don't hold it until sunshine hits
the screens.
Uh just be careful,
right? You want to be very, very careful
here.
>> [snorts]
>> Okay. Um
now, let me look at spy.
Hang on 26.
I'll firm at 6.
Okay. Let's take a look at spy. We've
got a break through.
We're going to have a pretty solid gap
down.
Um
Okay. Sorry about that, folks. I had to
get a note back to someone who needs
something very quickly this morning.
Okay.
The line in the sand for the traders to
get back to is going to be $670.
Right, we've gapped down
significantly from that edge. And so,
this is really going to be the number
they have to
hold, 690. Look at how far away we are
from value area low. Value area low is
680. So, we're 10 points away from that.
Value area high, 690.
The call walls and such,
probably
um
probably not something to be concerned
with at this juncture.
Put walls,
we should see an unwind if price action
holds.
Again, I do believe that traders are
very likely to get caught offsides
thinking that this is a real breakdown
when maybe it isn't, right? We're just
in a very big range.
So, for the spy,
we've got 170 and then the gap fill
will be at 172.66.
Last
30 minutes of the trading day,
that 2:30 reversal is huge. So, yeah,
that's the number we're looking for. If
it's above that number, we've got buying
pressure that's going to hold on.
Momentum really is not savagely
negative,
but see these formations here? Very
ugly. There's no trend. And so, what we
want to do is
remove this alert and then reset it.
That's probably the top of the range.
Okay, everybody, that's it for me. I'll
see you on the streams.